Yeah so I signed up — I think it was Tuesday — and I got to the dashboard
and I just... sat there.
There were like four panels and none of them had anything in them. I clicked
the big plus button in the top right and it asked me to connect a data source.
I didn't have a data source. I'm a designer. I came here because someone said
it was good for design reviews. So I closed the tab.
[interviewer] When you say you sat there — how long, roughly?
Maybe 30 seconds? Less than a minute. There was no, like, "here's what to try
first." So I left.
I came back two days later because my colleague pinged me, and that time she
basically walked me through it on a call.
Honestly the product is fine, I like it now. But I would never have figured it
out alone. Like, never.
[interviewer] What would have helped on day one?
A demo project? Something where I could just click through and see "oh this is
what design reviews look like in here" — without having to set anything up.
Or even just one button that says "show me what this does." Anything other
than an empty screen with a plus icon.